partition: add doc for global index, also with GLOBAL IndexOption/ColumnOption (#18543)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-add-index.md

* TiDB supports parsing the `FULLTEXT` syntax but does not support using the `FULLTEXT` indexes.
* Descending indexes are not supported (similar to MySQL 5.7).
* Adding the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type to a table is not supported. For more details about the primary key of the `CLUSTERED` type, refer to [clustered index](/clustered-indexes.md).

> * Adding a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` with 'GLOBAL' IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.

Author: ```suggestion
* Adding a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.
```

> * Adding a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` as a global index with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.
```

> * Setting a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` as a global index with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Setting a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` as a [global index](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) with the `GLOBAL` index option is a TiDB extension for [partitioned tables](/partitioned-table.md) and is not compatible with MySQL.
```
